this is my mama she's an artist a writer
a broadcaster a mom and a fantastic cook
growing up we were always close and then
when I was around 10 years old she
started changing she became Moody
depressed impatient and angry anything I
did could set her off it felt like she
was taking it out on me I didn't know
what was wrong nobody told me that she
was going to doctors and getting tested
I thought I was the problem four years
later my parents SAT me down and told me
that my mama had just been diagnosed
with Parkinson's disease our whole
family was devastated at first not much
changed there was anger resentment
frustration but slowly things began to
improve the medications helped spending
time together did too that's not to say
it hasn't been difficult it's never been
easy for me or for her but if
Parkinson's has taught us anything it's
that even if your brain doesn't work
quite right as long as your heart is in
the right place you can still be a
family the truth is Parkinson's has
brought our family closer together but
still it's really starting to get old I
mean thanks prances we get the message
we've learned our lesson nothing is more
important than the love and support of a
family but seriously we've had enough
finding a cure would mean the world to
us it would mean we could go hiking and
biking and traveling again so come on
let's all put our brains together to
support brain research let's give
ourselves and our loved ones something
to look forward to